Hear what is up guys and welcome x.
Now in this video I'm going to show you that how can you integrate this MailChimp with your WordPress
website so you can see that we created our blog that was like this.
OK.
We just created this.
We just this vidis we just designed this whole blog.
OK.
So in this video I'm going to show you that how can you basically just make it for it.
OK it is news later.
It is your e-mail and it says newsletter.
So if anyone is going to enter the e-mail then that e-mail is going to be just coming into ourself.
And when we want to send our all the subscribers those who just entered their e-mail address here it
should be sent.
Then just one click.
So I'm going to show you how can you do that.
First of all what you have to do is make sure that you are in the dashboard of the MailChimp.
OK.
And then you have to just hit list.
So in the list there will be all the list that you have so you will not be having any of the list here.
And it says create lists so we need to create a list do you want to create a new list or do you want
to just subdivide an existing list of crops.
No I just want to create a list.
OK.
So let's just come here and let's just create a list so my list is going to be list name.
So it is just going to show the name that I have.
So my last name will be
my blog subscriber.
And then I have the default from email address so this is the address for people to reply to.
So this address should be basically from the domain name of your e-mail address.
What I mean.
Let me show you is that if you just come here that you can see that in the email section.
I have just created in full and complete of course dot com so I can ask how can I create this email
for God's sake.
How can I create it in this way.
I'm going to show you guys.
OK.
So basically what you have to do you have to just go ahead and you have to log in to your seat panel.
And then what you have to do you have to basically in the portal view are just logging yourself in and
then transfer a cell to the battle.
So I'm just going to click here and allow me to dig into the see gallery here.
I'm not going to create every e-mail separately like for S2 it should be.
As to info and for complete that will be Course it to be just complete will be coarse and just creating
I'm just giving you an example.
OK.
So we are here in the c bal OK.
I am here.
Yes.
OK.
This is the main domain name ID and Ziel dot com you guys already knew about it.
And now what you have to do you have to go down go down go down and you should be saying this email
and that's e-mail accounts.
OK.
So here we can manage every e-mail account that we have.
So first email account that I want to create would be like my own.
So this will be like 10 Zele at the rate yield dot com.
OK.
And you're going to enter it.
We're going to intro like 10 0.
At the rate I and Ziel dot com.
OK.
So here I can just enter the password like the password that I want to add so
This is right here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to select it like mailbox Skoda.
So this means I'm like how much meal means you want how much capacity you want to give assign to this
user.
So I think unlimited looks cool.
So make it basically a Google gives you like 30 G-B of storage.
If you buy it for dollar like five dollars per month but it is recommended.
Obviously guys your e-mails will be stored on Google and your show will be from Google and everything
will be from Google.
So it is recommended.
But if you do not want to invest in email marketing right now then just go ahead and launch it create
accounts so you can see the create account has been created you can see this is my email right now than
Zele at the rate I'd NZL dot com and everything is right here so I'm just creating an email marketing
for it like the iTunes the dot com.
OK if I just come here you can see how my website will be.
This is on my website.
I want to create that email email for this like info at IDN zeal or zeal at NZL dot com.
So basically I can also create info or I can just create and zeal and back.
So you can see everything looks pretty cool.
I'm just going to come here and now I want to log in here.
How will I log in.
I have to just come here instead of w w w dot.
I have to just enter web mail.
I'd NZL dot com.
OK so it did take you there and now you have to enter the email address so the email address is going
to be liked and Zele at the rate IDN NZL dot com OK and then you have to enter the password.
So I'm going to enter the password that I entered and then I have to hit logon so you can see that I'll
be logged into there and then the email of fill I can receive any of the emails here.
I can even send people emails like this so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to click cross.
I I got it and I'm going to go to like this one so hard.
I always use horde or the round cube.
I just had Skrill M..
So these are basically like the software that you can use to send or receive the email address so I'm
just going to come here.
I'm going to select the heart a horrid horrid horrid horrid go or whatever.
OK so this is a proper noun and you can pronounce it anyway so you can see this is like this.
This is how my inbox is my traps and my sent items.
If I just come here and I just go to preferences the global preferences and everything so I can just
work with it.
OK I can also work with other settings known as Task and also my profile settings so you can see everything
is right here.
Right here I can just switch to round cubes Karylle meal.
Ok I can also configure mail train email filters auto responders forwarders and contact information
to make sure that you go to the contact information in here you can just manage all your contact information
and everything
so you can enter a second email address to receive account notification.
So if you need any if you need a countdown no notifications like someone just logged into your account
a different email address than of a different IP sorry then you are going to get that saying so this
is going to work OK.
You can also go to the preferences here in the global preferences you can work that like some of the
settings OK like your personal information local time and.
So if I just go to the personal information I can just add my identity name so my identity name would
be to deal.
Sorry it should be like select the identity you want to changed your default identity.
You create new identity said to be like this one name would be eaten Ziel dot com.
OK.
And my full name will be tenens Ilan Ramon.
So this is like that.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save right now so I just clicking save it should be
saved you can see this is saved my identity is this like the identity you want to cheat.
So this is item z z z.
I just said under in Ziel dot com.
OK.
So now here I have to just say hit enter or you can just remove the dot com if you want to remove it.
And my full name would be that so I would just remove this dot com.
Let's just go ahead and save changes so my default identity is Aitan zeal.
OK and now let's go ahead let's send anyone the mail.
So I'm just going to go to this and I'm going to click.
New Message.
So I'm just going to send myself an e-mail so let's just say it.
I'm going to send it in Ziel am on the read G.M. dot com.
OK.
And then I have to enter the subject so the subject that I want to add would be like hello.
And Ziel OK.
And now here I want to add the hello world so hello world.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to head sand right now so you can see that the message will
be sent.
So now here I want to go to gmail and I just have a look at our e-mail that you have received the e-mail
or the mail is not received.
OK.
You can see this is right here it's a singular man and.
Hello world.
So this is from Don Ziel and I didn't deal dot com.
And to me.
So this is how it's looking you can see how how how great it is looking.
OK.
This is Hello world.
So I came in reply to this person I could say O M G it works.
OK I'm going to say I'm just going to enter the center so you can see this is right here.
This is free here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go to Jorge and any here I want that thing that Tay's
filters
OK.
It is the inbox so it is so confusing sometimes I know guys I'm just going to come here I'm just going
to go to the around Google let's just switch to cube because I'm cube is a bit easy.
So here you can see that I have this right here and it has really helped and Zele.
I'm just gonna click here and I can see that email is like this so UMG it for.
This is a reply to that that this is how it works and it is totally working.
So now you can see this is how that email works so.
And that's right here.
I want to send the default from email address so default from email address is going to be like you
have to enter your domain name email address that will be your main domain name so that if anyone wants
to reply that reply would be sent to that.
I'm just going to add 10 zeal and Eitan Zele dot com.
OK so here my blog subscriber that will be it and you'll dot com so you can just enter your name.
This will not be visible.
This will not Uri's subtribe it will not see it Cetus so make it something appropriate.
Good example like this bad example like this so you will see this.
OK here's a probability decide to just enter like Aitan Ziel I Tin's you mailing list.
OK.
So here we go.
Now I have the default from name so default from name would be like I NZL.
OK.
And then we have the MailChimp curial settings so it's just going to generate randomly so do not worry
about it.
OK.
And then we have a reminder from another list write a short reminder about how the.
So I'm just going to enter like you are seeing this e-mail because you are subscribed
to our list.
So you have to just remind your users that why they are receiving this email.
So OK this is how it is look if you are receiving this e-mail because you are up to the number of states
and this is an example.
OK.
And then we have the company organization so my company organization would be I tend to.
OK and then I have the address and the city the board and the postal code and everything and now we
have to enter my phone numbers so this is right here and then I have send contacts an opt in confirmation
email and this tripe to your list so if you if you want only like people who should be the person like
if they want to just look into your site or add it to your subscriber list then you want to conform
so that you have just a limit of 2000 subscribers guys so you should just be like You should check it.
If you just care about that.
So you can do that.
So now here it would be like the notification center there so you can see like daily summary.
So like if anyone have tried to see a list then it's going to show the daily summary and if you like
if two people subscribe to your list OK on a same day then and then at the end of the day it will just
show you the daily summary and if subscribed notifications as they happen been if anyone's is trying
to sell it then it'll just send you automatic.
OK once I get three people who have tried to your day on single day then it'll show you.
Three e-mails per day so you can just select it if you have so much time.
You can still like this one and unsubscribe notifications as they happen so you can also select this
like this guy just unsubscribe from the list or something like that so you just have to hit save for
now and you can see that this this this has been say OK we have you have no contact.
OK.
All this means that you have no people who have signed up to your list.
You can see I can just manage I can unsubscribe addresses I can just just send anyone into Krups I can
just sit in here in this segment import history conduct export and delete all contact.
OK.
So in the ad contacts you can add a subscriber or you can just imported from like a CISPA.
A lot of e-mail.
So and then we also have the Sign-Up farms.
So in this sign of forms it will be like like how a person can basically sign up to your specific items
Ziel mailing list.
OK.
So please verify and deal and deal and deal dot com as a default from email address before signing up
a form so you can see that we have to verify this domain name.
So I'm just gonna click here and it will be like it will ask us how we want to just accept that.
So is saying that send verification email so it's just going to send the verification e-mail.
I'm just going to open up and open up my inbox and we should have received an e-mail address and a verification
e-mail.
So I haven't received it yet.
I don't know why.
Yes it is right here.
Verify your domain before sending and it is by MailChimp.
So I'm just gonna open this up.
And now here I'm just going to copy this MailChimp court so I'm just going to go up here and I'm going
to go do this right here and I'm going to paste it.
So on pasting you just verify and it should be verified.
You can see domain is verified.
So now this is here.
I can just manage everything.
Make sure you first of all come here and you just change it so you can say you want to change your sign
a form title to sign them forms and a confirmation email for your side list use the original list title
you can update this text or replace it with an image.
And this kind of form editor.
So then we have this like this default email subject so you can also use the default email subject default
from name.
And we have subscribers and everything.
So you can see and we have also like a farm protect your from.
You can also add the like a capture.
You guys already know that if I just enable it then it will ask the user to just like fill in a form
like what are the images so you can just get a big example like if we just go to areas and start com.
OK.
And then we just go down to register now.
Ok then in the register now you can see this is the capture that is coming and I have to enter this
so this it will ask the user to do that so that no computers are no real boards scan basically sign
up to my list too.
So it just gets heavy and it's not good.
So make sure that he was just accepted.
OK.
And then we have send a final e-mail.
People who often do a list.
Send them an e-mail welcoming them to the list the final e-mail can be listed in the list phone designer
let users plain text or HDMI e-mails send and subscribe information to the subscribers so would have
everything right here.
I'm just going to come here and now hear what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to get a save list campaign default.
OK.
So I have to just come here and I have to just save list campaign defaults.
You can see this is right here.
OK.
Tara was successfully saved.
This is right here.
What I'm going to do right now I am just going to go ahead and I want to go to the sign.
So in a sign of farms I basically want to get the form that I want to add in here so that if anyone
wants to entries e-mailed any you should be successfully at a tour mailing list so.
How we we're going to do that.
OK.
First of all just have to just go to the dashboard right now slashed Pete ash admen OK you have to make
sure that you go ahead into the dashboard and then we have to just add that type of form.
I think the video is also increasing.
So I'll just continue this in the next video guys I'm sorry.
So in the next what do you all just show you how can you just integrated.
So stadium guys and Buh-Bye.